README.md, before:

# GraphQL Data Source

![CI](https://github.com/fifemon/graphql-datasource/workflows/CI/badge.svg)

[Grafana](https://grafana.com) datasource plugin that provides access to a
GraphQL API for numerical timeseries data, general/tabular data,
annotations, and dashboard variables.

- The GraphQL query must be structured so that the data of interest is returned
  under the configurable data path (default `data`) in the response. If the
  object at that path is an array it will be iterated over, with each object added
  as a row in the data frame, otherwise the result object will be the only row.
  - Can be separated by commas to use multiple data paths
- Timeseries data requires a field named `Time` containing the timestamp in a
  format that can be parsed by `moment()` (e.g. ISO8601).
- Nested types will be flattened into dot-delimited fields.
- Grafana variables should be substituted directly in the query (instead of
  using GraphQL variables). The dashboard time ranges are available in the
  [global variables](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/variables/variable-types/global-variables/)
  `$__from` and `$__to` as millisecond epoch (or in whatever format is needed by the API
  in Grafana 7.1.2 or later).
- Group by can be used to group elements into multiple data points.
- Alias by is used to alter the name of the field displayed in the legend.
  `$field_<field.name>` is substituted with the values of the field and
  `$fieldName` is substituted with the name of the field.

# Screenshots

![DeutscheBahn Arrivals Table](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1627510/90258294-f1bf2b00-de0d-11ea-8768-34b4ef37c125.png)
![DeutscheBahn Arrivals Annotations](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1627510/90258316-f8e63900-de0d-11ea-91eb-d40532d5b768.png)
![GitHub Security Advisories](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1627510/90258319-fbe12980-de0d-11ea-8ea2-c97bbc398aa4.png)

# Examples

Below are some example queries demonstrating how to use the plugin. See the
[project wiki](https://github.com/fifemon/graphql-datasource/wiki) for further
examples and tutorials.

## Basic timeseries

```graphql
query {
  submissions(user: "$user", from: "$__from", to: "$__to") {
    Time: submitTime
    idle
    running
    completed
  }
}
```

- Data path: `submissions`

Note the use of the global `$__from` and `$__to` variables to insert the
dashboard time range into the query, alongside a dashboard variable `$user`.

## Alias and group by

```graphql
query {
  data: queryAll(from: "$__from", to: "$__to", sourceId: "default") {
    batteryVoltage {
      Time: dateMillis
      packet {
        batteryVoltage
        identifier {
          representation
        }
        identityInfo {
          displayName
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

- Data path: `data.batteryVoltage`
- Group by: `packet.identifier.representation`
- Alias by: `$field_packet.identityInfo.displayName`

In the above example, "Group by" and "Alias by" are defined. "Group by" allows
you to split up an array of data into multiple data points. "Alias by" is used
as the name of the data point. You can make alias use text from the query or
even the field name by using `$field_<your.field.name>` for the value of the
field, or `$fieldName` for the name of the field. For instance, if `$fieldName`
was used, it would be replaced by "batteryVoltage" because that's the name of
the field. If `$field_identityInfo.displayName` was used, it would be replaced
with the value of displayName. Using `$fieldName` can be useful if you're
querying multiple numeric fields that you want displayed in your graph.

## Annotations

```graphql
query {
  server1: queryEvents(from: "$__from", to: "$__to", server: "server1") {
    birthdayEvent {
      Time: dateMillis
      person {
        fullName
      }
    }
  }
  server2: queryEvents(from: "$__from", to: "$__to", server: "server2") {
    birthdayEvent {
      Time: dateMillis
      person {
        fullName
      }
    }
  }
}
```

- Data path: `server1.birthdayEvent, server2.birthdayEvent`
- Title: `Birthday yay!`
- Text: `$field_person.fullName`
- Tags: `tag1, tag2`

The above annotation example is similar to regular queries. You must have a
`Time` field and are able to define a data path. Similar to the last example,
you can also substitute values into the title, text, and tags by using
`$field_<field name>`. By using `$field_person.fullName` as the text, the text
in this annotation will be the person's full name. Tags are separated by commas.
The above example has two tags: "tag1" and "tag2". If a `TimeEnd` field is
present, the annotation will be shown over a period of time. You can also
separate the data path with commas to provide multiple data paths as shown with
both server1 and server2.

Commit message:

Support key/value variables (#48)
* upgrade deps @grafana 7.4.3
* support key/value variable queries
* update README

README.md, after:

# GraphQL Data Source

![CI](https://github.com/fifemon/graphql-datasource/workflows/CI/badge.svg)

[Grafana](https://grafana.com) datasource plugin that provides access to a
GraphQL API for numerical timeseries data, general/tabular data,
annotations, and dashboard variables.

- The GraphQL query must be structured so that the data of interest is returned
  under the configurable data path (default `data`) in the response. If the
  object at that path is an array it will be iterated over, with each object added
  as a row in the data frame, otherwise the result object will be the only row.
  - Can be separated by commas to use multiple data paths
- Timeseries data requires a field named `Time` containing the timestamp in a
  format that can be parsed by `moment()` (e.g. ISO8601).
- Nested types will be flattened into dot-delimited fields.
- Grafana variables should be substituted directly in the query (instead of
  using GraphQL variables). The dashboard time ranges are available in the
  [global variables](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/variables/variable-types/global-variables/)
  `$__from` and `$__to` as millisecond epoch (or in whatever format is needed by the API
  in Grafana 7.1.2 or later).
- Group by can be used to group elements into multiple data points.
- Alias by is used to alter the name of the field displayed in the legend.
  `$field_<field.name>` is substituted with the values of the field and
  `$fieldName` is substituted with the name of the field.

# Screenshots

![DeutscheBahn Arrivals Table](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1627510/90258294-f1bf2b00-de0d-11ea-8768-34b4ef37c125.png)
![DeutscheBahn Arrivals Annotations](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1627510/90258316-f8e63900-de0d-11ea-91eb-d40532d5b768.png)
![GitHub Security Advisories](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1627510/90258319-fbe12980-de0d-11ea-8ea2-c97bbc398aa4.png)
![DeutscheBahn Station Variable](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1627510/110505565-e1c9aa00-80c3-11eb-85bb-10e5471fb151.png)

# Examples

Below are some example queries demonstrating how to use the plugin. See the
[project wiki](https://github.com/fifemon/graphql-datasource/wiki) for further
examples and tutorials.

## Basic timeseries

```graphql
query {
  submissions(user: "$user", from: "$__from", to: "$__to") {
    Time: submitTime
    idle
    running
    completed
  }
}
```

- Data path: `submissions`

Note the use of the global `$__from` and `$__to` variables to insert the
dashboard time range into the query, alongside a dashboard variable `$user`.

## Alias and group by

```graphql
query {
  data: queryAll(from: "$__from", to: "$__to", sourceId: "default") {
    batteryVoltage {
      Time: dateMillis
      packet {
        batteryVoltage
        identifier {
          representation
        }
        identityInfo {
          displayName
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

- Data path: `data.batteryVoltage`
- Group by: `packet.identifier.representation`
- Alias by: `$field_packet.identityInfo.displayName`

In the above example, "Group by" and "Alias by" are defined. "Group by" allows
you to split up an array of data into multiple data points. "Alias by" is used
as the name of the data point. You can make alias use text from the query or
even the field name by using `$field_<your.field.name>` for the value of the
field,
was used, it would be replaced by "batteryVoltage" because that's the name of
the field. If `$field_identityInfo.displayName` was used, it would be replaced
with the value of displayName. Using `$fieldName` can be useful if you're
querying multiple numeric fields that you want displayed in your graph.

## Annotations

```graphql
query {
  server1: queryEvents(from: "$__from", to: "$__to", server: "server1") {
    birthdayEvent {
      Time: dateMillis
      person {
        fullName
      }
    }
  }
  server2: queryEvents(from: "$__from", to: "$__to", server: "server2") {
    birthdayEvent {
      Time: dateMillis
      person {
        fullName
      }
    }
  }
}
```

- Data path: `server1.birthdayEvent, server2.birthdayEvent`
- Title: `Birthday yay!`
- Text: `$field_person.fullName`
- Tags: `tag1, tag2`

The above annotation example is similar to regular queries. You must have a
`Time` field and are able to define a data path. Similar to the last example,
you can also substitute values into the title, text, and tags by using
`$field_<field name>`. By using `$field_person.fullName` as the text, the text
in this annotation will be the person's full name. Tags are separated by commas.
The above example has two tags: "tag1" and "tag2". If a `TimeEnd` field is
present, the annotation will be shown over a period of time. You can also
separate the data path with commas to provide multiple data paths as shown with
both server1 and server2.

## Dashboard Variable Queries

Dashboard variables can be populated by a GraphQL query that returns an array of
objects. If the objects contain both `__text` and `__value` fields then they
will be used (the `__text` field will be displayed, the `__value` field will be
used in substitutions). Otherwise the values of all fields will be appended to
the variable value list.

```graphql
query {
  search(searchTerm: "$query") {
    stations {
      __value: primaryEvaId
      __text: name
    }
  }
}
```

- Data path: `search.stations`
